as Oprah Winfrey said what you dwell on
is what you become once you understand
that humans are the ultimate adaptation
machine and you understand that the
brain actually builds faster and better
connections between the things you think
on you will begin to understand that it
is incredibly important to be thoughtful
about what you think about it's
incredibly important to pick a direction
that you want to grow in to decide who
you want to become and then make that
the center of your focus your thoughts
your time your energy and if you look
inward or if you look outward and you
don't like what you see remember what
Jim Rohn said if you don't like how
things are change it you're not a tree
and that's the beauty that's the
beautiful thing about being a human we
are so plastic and we can change so
dramatically we are so good at adapting
that we forget that's literally what we
do but if you can take control of that
process if you can grab ahold of it and
make it your own if you can make it your
daily obsession to make the most of your
potential to pick a very specific
direction to pick an end goal and end
state and end identity and work your way
backwards find out the steps that you're
going to need to take to get there to
execute and have the willingness to put
in the work to have the willingness to
be both the sculptor and the clay to
understand that the suffering that comes
with that of changing yourself of making
yourself into something great
is the suffering well working it's a
suffering that you should embrace it the
suffering that you should run towards
because in that suffering you can become
anything you want so start to dwell on
that dwell on a vision of you being
great well on a vision of you
accomplishing your goal
well on a vision of you having done this
amazing thing do you want to do dwell on
an image of you being willing to sweat
and Bend yourself in half and break if
need to and greed when necessary to
become the vision of yourself you always
knew you could become well on that and
nothing can stop
you